{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg0\uc1\deff0\deflang1024\deflangfe1024{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}

\uc1
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Amazon AWS Certified Developer Associate
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Q1\'0d\plain \f0\fs20 In DynamoDB, if you create a table and request 10 units of write capacity and 200 units of read capacity of provisioned throughput, how much would you be charged in US East (Northern Virginia) Region?
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 A. \plain \f0\fs20 $0.05 per hour
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 B. \plain \f0\fs20 $0.10 per hour
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 C. \plain \f0\fs20 $0.03 per hour
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 D. \plain \f0\fs20 $0.15 per hour
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Answer: \plain \f0\fs20 A
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Explanation:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 To understand pricing in DynamoDB, consider the following example. If you create a table and request 10 units of write capacity and 200 units of read capacity of provisioned throughput, you would be charged:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 $0.01 + (4 x $0.01) = $0.05 per hour
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Reference: http://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/pricing/
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Q2\'0d\plain \f0\fs20 A user has created an EBS instance in the US-East-1a AZ. The user has a volume of 30 GB in the US-East-1 b zone. How can the user attach the volume to an instance?
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 A. \plain \f0\fs20 Since both the volume and the instance are in the same region, the user can attach the volume
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 B. \plain \f0\fs20 Use the volume migrate function to move the volume from one AZ to another and attach to the instance
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 C. \plain \f0\fs20 Take a snapshot of the volume. Create a  volume in the USEast-1a and attach that to the instance
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 D. \plain \f0\fs20 Use the volume replicate function to create a  volume in the US-East-1a and attach that to the volume
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Answer: \plain \f0\fs20 C
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Explanation:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 If an EBS volume is not in the same AZ of an EC2 instance, it cannot be attached to the instance. The only option is to take a snapshot of the volume and create a  volume in the instanceu2019s AZ. Reference:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSSnapshots.htmI
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Q3\'0d\plain \f0\fs20 A user has setup an application on EC2 which uses the IAM user access key and secret access key to make secure calls to S3. The user wants to temporarily stop the access to S3 for that IAM user. What should the root owner do?
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 A. \plain \f0\fs20 Delete the IAM user
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 B. \plain \f0\fs20 Change the access key and secret access key for the users
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 C. \plain \f0\fs20 Disable the access keys for the IAM user
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 D. \plain \f0\fs20 Stop the instance
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Answer: \plain \f0\fs20 C
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Explanation:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 If the user wants to temporarily stop the access to S3 the best solution is to disable the keys. Deleting the user will result in a loss of all the credentials and the app will not be useful in the future. If the user stops the instance IAM users can still access S3. The change of the key does not help either as they are still active.
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 The best possible solution is to disable the keys.
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Reference: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/NIanagingCredentia|s.html
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Q4\'0d\plain \f0\fs20 In regard to DynamoDB, for which one of the following parameters does Amazon not charge you?
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 A. \plain \f0\fs20 Cost per provisioned write units
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 B. \plain \f0\fs20 Cost per provisioned read units
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 C. \plain \f0\fs20 Storage cost
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 D. \plain \f0\fs20 I/O usage within the same Region
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Answer: \plain \f0\fs20 D
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Explanation:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 In DynamoDB, you will be charged for the storage and the throughput you use rather than for the I/O which has been used.
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Reference: http://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/pricing/
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Q5\'0d\plain \f0\fs20 A user has an S3 object in the US Standard region with the content "coIor=red". The user updates the object with the content as "coIor="white". If the user tries to read the value 1 minute after it was uploaded, what will S3 return?
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 A. \plain \f0\fs20 It will return "coIor=white"
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 B. \plain \f0\fs20 It will return "coIor=red"
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 C. \plain \f0\fs20 It will return an error saying that the object was not found
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 D. \plain \f0\fs20 It may return either "coIor=red" or "color=white" i.e. any of the value
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Answer: \plain \f0\fs20 D
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Explanation:
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 AWS S3 follows the eventual consistent model in the US Standard Region. Once the object is updated it
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 may return the  value or the old value based on whether all the content is replicated across multiple servers until it becomes consistent (eventual).
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 
\par\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f0\fs20 Reference: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/Iatest/dev/Introduction.htmI}